Add clarifications about git in README (#81)
JuliaPluto/PlutoSliderServer.jl: README.md

# edit the file...
```

### 3. Run it
Let's try running it locally before setting up our server:
```shell
julia --project="pluto-slider-server-environment" -e "import PlutoSliderServer; PlutoSliderServer.run_git_directory(\".\")"
```

`run_git_directory` will periodically call `git pull`, which requires the `start_dir` to be a repository in which you can `git pull` without password (which means it's either public, or you have the required keys in `~/.ssh/` and your git's provider security page!)

>**Note**

> >Julia by default uses `libgit2` for git operations, but that has at times proven problematic, especially in cloud environments like AWS's CodeCommit
> >where re-authentication is required at regular intervals. It is thus advisable to set the `JULIA_PKG_USE_CLI_GIT` environment variable to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Julia by default uses `libgit2` for git operations, [which can be problematic](https://github.com/JuliaLang/Pkg.jl/issues/2679). It is also known to cause issues  in cloud environments like AWS's CodeCommit
>where re-authentication is required at regular intervals. 
> 
> A simple workaround is to set the `JULIA_PKG_USE_CLI_GIT` environment variable to `true`, which will fallback to the system git (the one on the shell).
> Make sure that this is installed! (`sudo apt-get install git` does the trick in Ubuntu).

Also note that git pull may fail if you force push the repository!
```
